brine shrimps can thrive in water nine
times saltier than the sea
along with brine flies they provide food
for the real treasures of this alien
landscape
west indian flamingos
[Music]
each year around 20 000 flamingos fly in
from south america
to these remote salt ponds to feed
and breed
the lack of both people and predators
makes it a good place for raising chicks
it can take several days to build a nest
from this hard salty mud
and it takes constant care to stop their
single egg from rolling off
once the chicks hatch they feed on a
rich brine
shrimp soup regurgitated by their
parents
at around a month old the chicks begin
to strut their stuff together in a crash
in another few weeks they'll be old
enough to fly
they'll leave this salty nursery to feed
in south america
until they themselves return to breed
[Music]
[Applause]
you